Update README.md (#876)
PygmalionAI/aphrodite-engine: README.md

## Features

- Continuous Batching

> - Efficient K/V management with [PagedAttention](./aphrodite/attention/ops/paged_attn.py) from vLLM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Efficient K/V management with [PagedAttention](https://vllm.ai) from vLLM
```

Might as well replace it with a hyperlink to vLLM's blog post about it.
